Ethernet based AUTOSAR system

1.communication design based Ethernet and TCP/IP.

 signal based and service based will be integrated to UNS.
 
2.UNS(Universal name system) exchange mac address, ip address, CAN ID and any other addresses or IDs.

3.Adaptive platform and Classic platform are integrated in multicore cpu.

4.Some patents will be proposed to this issue.

5.This propose should be posted to TOPPERS, AUTOSAR, IEEEE, IETF RFC and any other standardization organizations or sponsors.

----

Ethernet based AUTOSAR system

 

1. communication design based Ethernet and TCP/IP.

2. Universal name system exchange mac address, ip address, CAN ID and any other addresses or IDs.

3. Adaptive platform and Classic platform are integrated in multicore cpu as AUTOSAR MULTICORE Platform.

4. Some patents will be proposed to this issue.

5. This propose should be posted to TOPPERS, AUTOSAR, IEEEE, IETF RFC and any other standardization organizations or sponsors. 

6. Ethernet SWC, TCP SWC and UDP SWC shall be purposed to all Platforms.

7. Multicore SWC shall be proposed to Multicore Platform.

8. Smallest Platform should be proposed based ciory.
https://sunnygiken.jp/product/ciory/


9. change shift from software designed vehicle to ethernet based vehicle.

10 mke profile of ethernet packet on all swiches in a vehicle.

11. Network design based ethernet, ICXP and others using softether, ppp, pppoe and other protocols.


12. CAN, Lin and Flexray over ethernet should be designed.
13. CAN XL and automotive Ethernet may be used same cable and change the protocol by software, named software designed network.

# reference

Ethernet based AUTOSAR system, original document.
https://researchmap.jp/blogs/blog_entries/view/80826/4ae5257fdf39dafa0609ef192585f513?frame_id=441424

https://github.com/kaizen-nagoya/Safety_Analysis_self_driving_car/blob/master/TOPPERS/20200708.md

Ethernet based AUTOSAR system

https://qiita.com/kaizen_nagoya/items/8ffc5bfe2b2f98d1a9a9

